well howdy there secret service people
looking at the roster to see who's up
and it looks like it's o again
no that ain't what the roster says i'm
off
it's just a quick run uh i'm
not supposed to be here today yeah well
take a look around we're kind of
short-handed
fine what is it just a quick greeting
grip
cool who the press
well i mean yeah kinda isn't isn't he
positive
yes uh
you and you want me
you want me to get a sealed vehicle with
him yeah
look it's just a lap around the block uh
doesn't that seem like a completely
unnecessary risk
well the president wants to do it so we
got to do it plus
not yours the reason why tennyson quote
that's that's nice
you do know that that quote is about a
completely unnecessary ride
then most of them don't make it back
right
oh i'm so sorry is alfred tennyson
saying your paychecks
look precautions will be taken if
precautions were taken we wouldn't be
standing in front of walter reed right
now
what nothing i didn't say anything
look he wants to do it shouldn't he be
like
laying in bed instead of staging press
events
and shouldn't you be worrying about your
job my job is to provide for the safety
security and dignity of the president of
the united states
yeah well how's protecting his dignity
we've been working out
i'm sorry what i didn't say anything
look
i brought you a mask
all right what what you need a gown too
the filter's expired and i have a beard
this isn't going to seal
suck it up it's kind of what i'm worried
about
just do it the president of the united
states put lives at risk
he put lives at risk for a propaganda
stunt to wave at people
he put the lives of people who are
willing to take a bullet for
him at risk they're willing to take a
bullet for him
and he won't take a nap for them
the president has shown over the last
four years
painstakingly that he is completely
incapable of assessing risk
if he can't assess risk how can he
mitigate it
that's his big campaign promise right
he's going to protect
everybody he can't protect his staff he
can't protect his house
with an army of advisors and experts how
is he going to protect the country
or the suburbs at the end of the day
the president's irresponsibility that he
clearly shows at every opportunity
needs to be a topic of national
discussion we have to decide whether or
not
we as a country are willing to accept
this kind of
recklessness for another four years
anyway it's just a thought you all have
a good day